Add scope diagrams section with C4 Level 1 and Level 2 diagrams (#159)
w3c/lws-protocol: lws10-core/diagrams/figures.md

# Figures

> A set of composition diagrams that models the [Linked Web Storage Protocol](https://w3c.github.io/lws-protocol/lws10-core/) specification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A set of composition diagrams that model the [Linked Web Storage Protocol](https://w3c.github.io/lws-protocol/lws10-core/).
```

## Figure 1 - System Context Diagram

> Shows the LWS System as a single unit and the person who uses it. Establishes scope only — no internal structure is shown.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Shows the LWS System as a single unit and the person or other agent that uses it. Establishes scope only — no internal structure is shown.
```

![Fig. 1 - System Context](./fig1-system-context.png)

| Box | Description |
|---|---|

> | Agent | An agent of the LWS system |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Agent | An agent that interacts with LWS servers and/or client tools |
```

Author: Since LWS System = LWS Client + LWS Server, then I thought it simpler to say 'An agent of the LWS system'

> | LWS System | A system that implements the LWS Protocol |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| LWS Deployment | A deployment of LWS servers and/or client tools |
```

Author: Let's nail [this](https://github.com/w3c/lws-protocol/pull/159#discussion_r3612848184) point first then flow through changes
